Ridiculous
Even if you splash dirty water on people, you will also splash it smartly
My scientists make money every day
How is that possible?
If you talk nonsense surnamed Xu, I will kill your mouth
Exactly.
We all know that the Ke family's assets are hundreds of billions
Don't make trouble here
Why do you still want to hit me?
You are enough Xu Wenjie
I've had enough of your lies
I stole Fan Eleven's secret recipe before, not to mention
You're starting to lie again
Ke Shao, I invested 50 million
The Ke family is suspected of breaking the law
It will be seized soon.
Stop talking nonsense here
Koch Group abides by the law
How could it be seized?
Just ignore him.
Ke Shao, I will transfer the money to your account now
I also transfer my money larger.
It takes a while to operate
Ok then you have to hurry
After this village, there is no such store.
Ok I'll guess
Really big breasts and brainless
Shang Ke Cai Wuxian
Xu Wenjie
You don't have the ability to throw the whistle dirty water again and again
Is this about your stupid ego?
It's ridiculous
OK
Is it the shooter?
Seal the Ke family immediately